
the iheritance in javascript works with the help of prototypes the prototype is the part of the object/constructor that we 
want other objects to inheret or simply have an acces to..

so the protype of a constructor is not only the prototype of the constructor itself but also of all its instances so every
object is an instance of the global/universal object an the global object's prototype is null.

each object created in javascript is a part of the universal object of the enviroment means all the objects created in
javascript are instances of the universal object and inheret all the prototype properties of the universal object.

so when we call a method in an object it will first look into its prototype and then it will move up to the prototype of
its parent and look for the method in its protoype which can be the constructor or universal object. which gives us the 
concept of scope chain.
 
now when we create an object from the constructor the prototype of the constructor is not a part of the object but
the object created has access to the prototpye of the constructor so the same code will not be copied because it remains 
there and they can br accessed.

the variebles containing objects do not contain the copy of the object but a refrence to the object where it sits so 
unlike other primitive variebles that contain a copy of the value.

when we pass an object to the function it passes referance not a new object so a change it will also cause change outside
 the function.

there are 2 methods to access the properties of the object 
object.property;   or
object['propety'];  this method is useful when the name of the propety is stored in a varieble in the form of string

using Object.keys we can get an array of all the keys in the object
using Object.values we can get an array of all the values in the object
using Object.entries we can get the key value pairs inside the array



all object properties have three descripter flags that we can use to customize our prperties but to set them we need to use Object.defineProperties.

Configurable: Specifies whether the property can be deleted or changed.

Enumerable: Specifies whether the property can be returned in a for/in loop.

Writable: Specifies whether the property can be changed.

to set the flag we need to use the defineProperties method

	 obj = {}
	 Object.defineProperties(obj , "key"){
		value:"haha",
		enumerable : false,
		writable: true
}
note that if by default the enumerable is on true so we make it false then we need to turn writable to true genreally by defualt all are tru but to be on safe side
